Docs for Enterprise Hub (#1081)
huggingface/hub-docs: docs/hub/storage-regions.md

# Storage Regions on the Hub

> Regions let you decide where your org's models and datasets will be stored.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Regions let you decide where your organization models and datasets will be stored.
```

<Tip warning={true}>

> This feature is part of the <a href="https://huggingface.co/enterprise" target="_blank">Enterprise Hub</a>.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This feature is part of <a href="https://huggingface.co/enterprise" target="_blank">Enterprise Hub</a>.
```

</Tip>

This has two main benefits:

- Regulatory and legal compliance
- Performance (improved download and upload speeds and latency)

Currently we support the following regions:

- US 🇺🇸
- EU 🇪🇺
- coming soon: Asia-Pacific 🌏

## How to set up

> If your organization is an Enterprise Hub org, you will be able to see the Regions settings page:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If your organization is subscribed to Enterprise Hub, you will be able to see the Regions settings page:
```

![](https://huggingface.co/datasets/huggingface/documentation-images/resolve/main/hub/storage-regions/feature-annotated.png)

On that page you can see:

> - an audit of where your orgs' repos are currently located

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- an audit of where your organization repos are currently located
```

- dropdowns to select where your repos will be created

## Repository Tag

Any repo (model or dataset) stored in a non-default location will display its Region directly as a tag. That way your organization's members can see at a glance where repos are located.

![](https://huggingface.co/datasets/huggingface/documentation-images/resolve/main/hub/storage-regions/tag-on-repo.png)

## Regulatory and legal compliance

> In many regulated industries, you may have a requirement to store your data in a specific area.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In regulated industries, companies may be required to store data in a specific region.
```
